Warn of managed resources (#416)
openshift/openshift-origin-design: designs/administrator/olm/warn-managed-resource/index.md

---
parent: Administrator
version: 4.6
---

# Warn when modifying managed resources

A kubernetes cluster will contain many resources that are managed by another resource, which can be disorienting to users if they modify/delete the resource only to have their changes immediately undone. Some examples might be a ClusterServiceVersion managed by a Subscription, a Pod managed by a Deployment or ReplicaSet, or a Deployment, Route, Service, or Configmap managed by an Operator/Operand.

> Admins should be made aware that any changes they make to the resource could be undone, and that they should probably be editing the resource that manages it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins should be made aware that any changes they make to the resource could be undone, and that if they want it to stick, they should be editing the resource that manages it.
```

> This design will initially be implemented for workload-type resources that are managed by an Operand, however the design is general that if can be used for many resource relationships in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This design will initially be implemented for workload-type resources that are managed by an Operand, however, the design is general enough that it can be used for many resource relationships in the future.
```
